resolves #648 refresh documentation (#649)
asciidoctor/asciidoctor-browser-extension: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/custom-attributes.adoc

= Custom Attributes

> Custom Attributes are a string of space-separated `_attribute_=_value_` pairs added to the header of each AsciiDoc page viewed by the extension before it is rendered.

Reviewer: It's not completely accurate. We might want to say that it's possible to define custom attributes as a space separated list of `attribute=value` pairs.

Custom attributes are passed to the Asciidoctor processor using the API (highest precedence).

It's also worth noting that we can declare attributes using query parameters:

```
file:///path/to/file.adoc?toc=left
```

I believe that attributes defined as query param have higher precedence but I need to check the code.

Reviewer: Also, you can declare built-in attributes to change the default value.

Author: Agree.

I'll rework the wording.

I checked the code at converter.js. The extension: 

1. applies its built in attribute settings, 
2. does work with file extensions, 
3. applies attributes from the Extension's Custom Attributes string, 
4. followed by the URL query parameters,
5. and removes attribute kroki-fetch-diagram that doesn't make sense in a browser environment.

Author: Fixed.

> Custom Attributes allow you to use the features of AsciiDoc in documents without having to write them each time, or include a separate file of attribute settings.

Reviewer: Is "Custom Attributes" referring to the feature? If so, I think it's a bit misleading. We could say that we can declare/define attributes using the "Custom attributes" field but "Custom attributes" is also the name of non-built-in attributes in the documentation (so it might be confusing)

Reviewer: https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/attributes/document-attributes/#what-are-document-attributes is a good reference

Author: Agree. I'll rework the wording to remove confusion.

In this file, it is specifically the "Extension Custom Attributes option field". Will update...

The official docs refer to  "Built-in" and "User defined" attributes not custom.

> For example, to add a left hand TOC to each page viewed, add the following Custom Attribute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to position the Table Of Content (TOC) to the left of the main content column, you can set `toc=left` in the "Custom attributes" field.
```

= Option: Custom attributes string
:navtitle: Custom attributes string

The extension option *Custom attributes string* is a space-separated list of attribute settings.

You may use the above string, and other methods to set attributes that affect the document preview.

> For all methods and when they are applied, visit the xref:features.adoc#set-attributes[Set attributes] section on the Features page.

Reviewer: There's no "set-attributes" id in the features page.

Author: fixed to use set-asciidoc-attributes

== Use

The *Custom attributes string* option allows you to use the features of AsciiDoc in documents without having to write them each time, or include a separate file of attribute settings.

For example, to use the GUI macros for every AsciiDoc you preview with the extension, you can set  `experimental` in the *Custom attributes string*.

[,txt]
----
experimental
----

== AsciiDoc Attributes

To learn more about AsciiDoc attributes, visit the
xref:asciidoc:attributes:document-attributes.adoc[]
page of the AsciiDoc manual.

== Setting attribute values

Attributes can be set with and without a value, and unset.
The following table shows examples of setting attributes in AsciiDoc with their Custom Attribute equivalents.

[cols="3*a"]
|===
|Action |AsciiDoc |Custom Attributes example

|Set without a value |`:sectnums:` |`sectnums` 
|Set to a value |`:toc: left` |`toc=left` 
|Unset |`:sectnums!:` |`sectnums!`

|===

NOTE: Setting an attribute in the string is not a guarantee that it will take effect.

> See the xref:features.adoc#se

Reviewer: The xref is incomplete, it must end with `[]`

Author: Correct reference added.
